add README (#3)
dolthub/gitgraph.js: packages/gitgraph-react/README.md

This is a fork package of React rendering library of [GitGraph.js](https://github.com/nicoespeon/gitgraph.js).

> Made changes to take commit info from [DoltHub](https://wwww.dolthub.com) and render graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package make changes to take commit info from [DoltHub](https://wwww.dolthub.com) in order to render the commit graph.
```

Changes are:

1. in `packages/gitgraph-react/src/BranchLabel.tsx`, changed the branch label font size and position.

2. in `packages/gitgraph-react/src/Commit.tsx`, move the branch label to the right side of the commit hash and message.

> 3. in `packages/gitgraph-react/src/Gitgraph.tsx`,made multiple changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. in `packages/gitgraph-react/src/Gitgraph.tsx`, there are multiple changes:
```

   a. Reverse the branch path paint order, so the left branch path would cover the right one (the left ones have more priority).

   b. the commit message object is given a fixed height, and would not calculate the height by its content to avoid graph rendering bugs (sometimes the commit nodes are positioned before these heights are calculated, which caused overlaps).

>    c. make pagination works, not recalculating the position of commits of the previous page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   c. make pagination work by not recalculating the position of commits of the previous page.
```
